Did TA join?
Were the class there? Uh,
I think there is a graded assignment created.
Uh, I remember sometime he told that, uh,
he will get assignment and there won't be classes. Right?
Yeah. So confirm there won't be classes,
but then there's link in the So we joined.
Exactly. I also joined, uh, for the same reason.
Think we can drop that. I think we can drop. Mm.
But there is assignment and uh, end date is given
as 23 days.
Right. That is quick. Uh,
It should be one week, right? Yeah,
Yeah.
No, I see that there are uh,
only non-graded assignments, right?
No, there is a graded assignment. You see?
Okay. We just seen the assignment par part in,
uh, a lab, which is there.
Yeah. So it is assignment number seven. Is it? Yeah.
As assign graded lab? Correct. Okay. Okay. Got it.
But why only three days?
See normally gives one week for a one. Yeah.
And it is mentioned that, uh,
you answer any three out of five.
Ah, that is good. That is good. It's more confusing.
It's not good. No.
Three outta five first time I'm saying something like that.
Yeah, that's good. Everything is a start for us.
That's good. No,
but the problems I believe
they're like pretty much straightforward.
I've been Yeah, exactly. Look simple. Mm-hmm.
That is about the,
so reinforcement learning tomorrow is the deadline, right?
No change rate? No, no. Tomorrow.
Uh, the enforcement tomorrow is Yes, that is, uh, tomorrow.
Correct.
And we'll have the AI system lab assignment.
Which one? I didn't get you. The
AI lab assignment will also be there.
No, sir. Said some back
Graded, graded assignment is there?
No, no, we had to do that.
Yeah. Yeah. So no,
there was one grade assignment back, right?
Like assignment four after that. Do we have another one
Today? They were added to
graded one.
Okay. Okay.
I think in the case can we drop off any TAs available?
Exactly. I don't know. Like I think we can drop. Yeah.
Uh, it was announced. Does it?
That there is no class earlier? No, no, no.
We last because I didn't say anything.
He mentioned, I mentioned this. Oh, okay.
Then let's drop off. Right, exactly. Yeah. Thank you.
Okay guys. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you.
Bye everyone.
So 2:00 PM also, no need
to join 2:00 PM class also, right?
That's not mandatory, but it's there.
Uh, that one is there.
Um, We're gonna mention this.
So
No one is there,
Is the classes not yet started?
Hello?
We have a graded assignment, so everybody's doing that.
Okay. And sir had said
that there will be no class, but we just joined.
We saw the link
and the uh, end date is, uh,
Tuesday only Tomorrow, or uh,
Tuesday I think.
Huh?
It shows 20th. People can confirm Tuesday
Only. Tuesday only.
Okay.
And okay. Okay.
Tuesday only. And another thing Ruby, uh, this
deep learning, uh, assignment, right?
They told that it'll be postponed, but I still see in the
Yeah, because that lady is not Yeah, the lady, uh, the ta,
uh, Madam is not postponing yet.
That is why. So I told her again.
Uh, Okay. So hopefully it should be
Oh, okay. Okay. Because
it should come as a,
You see now we have the recording also.
That is the proof, so don't worry.
None of us are submitting.
Okay. And issues coming
right in the under that, uh,
uh, is what is which one?
Log in These
assignments, right?
There are a lot. Uh,
For me it's solved.
You just check.
No, I checked. It's still there for me. Oh.
I think you can just ignore
and somehow manage that is what I would say.
Uhhuh. Okay.
Uh, I'll, maybe if it's solved for you, maybe we,
Yeah, That's all. Thank,
Thank you.
I think we can log off because we know, I mean,
if there is anything we can ask each other on the chat on
that WhatsApp,
Right? Right.
Yeah.
Log. And We, it's, uh, RL class also 12, right?
Yeah. Yeah, of course. Rl, uh, have you done?
Because I have not yet been able to do it.
I saw many people were confused.
I don't know actually what to do there,
Uh, this assignment, right?
Yeah. And
that ended is again, I think tomorrow.
Tomorrow? Yeah. I have to do that as
Hello? Yeah.
Yes. Yes. Actually, uh, can we drop off?
Like, uh, we, uh, has not joined.
Uh, we have the graded assignment.
Could you please check with sir and know, like, um,
I, this thing,
If you don't have, uh, class, we can wrap off
and uh, we can work on that.
Yeah. Gimme some two minutes. Yeah, I have to check. Okay.
Please. I'm sorry for waiting for you guys. Okay. Yeah.
Uh, which class is, uh, DS Lab, right? Uh, AI System Labs.
DA Systems Lab.
The faculty name is, uh, du Lack, right?
Yes. Okay, got it.
Uh, just queue me some two minutes. Okay. I will check.
Hello all. Uh, just now I confirm with the faculty.
Mm-hmm. Uh, you can just leave the session
and take out those, which you've told that,
uh, assignment thing, right?
Uh, they're told to take those assignment thing. Okay.
Okay. And what about 2:00 PM session? No need to join
That one also, right?
Uh, yeah. I if the, like if the As is go
till two o'clock, uh, then normally to attend those,
uh, this thing.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure.
Okay. Just leave this session. Thank you.
I'll end this session. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.